docs(README): clarify shadow database isn't needed in production (#97)
graphile/migrate: README.md

## Setup

> `graphile-migrate` uses two databases in development mode. A development database and 
> a "shadow" database. The "shadow" database is used by `graphile-migrate` to test the 
> consistency of the migrations. Only a single database is used in production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In development, `graphile-migrate` uses two databases: the main database and a
"shadow" database. The "shadow" database is used internally by
`graphile-migrate` to test the consistency of the migrations and perform various
other tasks.

In production, you'll likely only need to run `graphile-migrate migrate` which
only requires the main database - there is no need for a shadow database in
production.
```

## Setup

In development, `graphile-migrate` uses two databases: the main database and a
"shadow" database. The "shadow" database is used internally by
`graphile-migrate` to test the consistency of the migrations and perform various
other tasks.

> In production, you'll likely only need to run `graphile-migrate migrate` which

Author: I'm skeptical to this phrasing `you'll likely`. It creates doubt, especially to those that have no clue what they are supposed to be doing.

Reviewer: Yeah; I hear you. That said, it's not guaranteed that you'll only want to run migrate - in rare circumstances or setups you might want to run `status` or other commands. Would saying "most users" instead clarify? It basically means the same, but the semantics may be clearer.

Author: That is a great change, semantics matter do matter, but this is heavily debated
